So here's the story I went to best buy today.
I had my eyes on this specific keyboard,
the Logitech G 15 TLK, no num pad.
I have an extension for that. Very nice mechanical keyboard, pretty pricey,
but I've wanted it for several months now.
And I've been saving up for it if you will.
So I went to best buy and they didn't have, they had it,
but they had the version with cookie keys and I don't like clicky keys for
almost a year. Now I have been using this keyboard.
It is a 60% keyboard if you'd like to know more about it,
check out this video here, but it is quite cliquey. For example,
I can do a test on monkey type and it sounds like this,
which is loud, in my opinion,
also in pretty much all the typing videos prior to that one,
I used wireless keyboards,
such that they were like membrane or chiclet or whatever, keyboards,
not mechanical. So I got a $30 multi-device keyboard for two reasons. One,
because I thought I'm done with this mechanical keyboard. I just,
I really want my arrow keys. And two, when I saw it, it's 30 bucks.
I was like, Hey,
I am getting kind of annoyed that there's no iMessage client for the computer
that I can't use my keyboard to type.
So what if I just paired this and used it for my phone as well?
Which you can do. So this is the Logitech [inaudible], but anyway,
I thought this would make for an entertaining video in terms of people who
always say that you can't type fast on chiclet keyboards or whatever.
Now membrane ghosting is a thing I have experienced in the past.
People say mechanical keyboards are the best. This tape is strong.
It's videos, not scripted at all. By the way,
if you couldn't tell by the fact that I'm doing this on a whim,
I was going to go ahead and make a video on the TLK and be like,
this is the mechanical keyboard. I want it for like a year and a half.
I li I really liked a lot of tech. I'm not affiliate with Logitech.
I'm gonna no, one's paying me whatever. Okay. Look at that.
Pretty nice. Very straightforward. Again, this was, you know,
$30 affordable is almost an understatement
now, to be honest, I don't really like this keyboard. It's got circular keys.
It's got like these circular keys and it doesn't make any sound,
which is something I got used to with the mechanical keyboard.
So I wanted the tactile keys versus linear it's. Craig is bad will happen.
I'm not sure if this was supposed to become an unboxing video. Definitely.
Honestly, I love the size of it.
Suddenly a third reason to have this is just like, if,
and when I do get that Logitech TLK would come with batteries in it. Nice.
Then this is a nice travel keyboard. Um,
I originally thought that about the mechanical keyboard,
but I'm not about to pull that keyboard out in the library when you're trying to
edit a video and then you have to use the alt key and function. It's
goddamn mess. This is the keyboard, nothing special. Again,
it's got like circular keys, which I don't know if I'm a huge fan of,
but these three buttons changed devices. This is not a keyboard review.
This is to see, can I get a high words per minute test?
So what are the pairing devices? Oh, the instructions are in.
I don't know what language that is fascinating. All right.
So let's go ahead and open the Bluetooth settings.
Okay, here we go. Screw the windows 10 settings, right?
That's so weird. Very informal video. Again.
Let's go ahead and go to monkey type.
We'll do a 15 second tests for the sake of time.
Let's do a test with mechanical keyboard,
One 50 row and 74. Okay. Let's move this.
So can I get one 50 raw, 1 74 with this keyboard?
So one thing I noticed that the keys are spaced differently. First of all,
okay. This is just a red at this point.
So this is why I like these keyboards more.
Not because I can type faster on them, but because they feel nicer,
I can just slide my fingers across the, you know,
you don't have to press down very far. That's, what's nice about that.
G nine 15, I talked about, but these, you have to go all the way down.
You don't have to, you don't have to bottom out,
but that's just what I'm used to. And so there is time there.
So let's do a new one. Do, can I have, yeah. You know what?
We'll have a hand Kim, uh, future mark. We'll hopefully flip this. I mean,
it kind of looks fine like this, but we'll see. We'll see. All right,
so I'm moving this up top. We're gonna take this mechanical keyboard back. Now,
this isn't the same mechanical keyboards or bad membrane keyboards, better,
or vice versa,
simply personal preference and more so to say that if you're trying to just
type fast and you think you need a mechanical keyboard,
you don't equipment is important, but to some degree,
it's not because all equipment is up to such a good level at this point. Okay.
Now there will be bias here, unavoidably,
because if I believe that I can type faster with,
or type faster with this membrane keyboard than the mechanical keyboard than
obviously I probably will. At the same time I'm using this one second.
So fatigue, I don't know.
That's up to you to decide this is simply a video to say that yes,
membrane ghosting is a thing I am aware of it, but is it really a problem?
And I'm happy to, I'm so excited to return to the, the, this thin surface. Um,
and it was $30 versus 300. So,
so we wanted 1 56 or better with a 92% accuracy or better
repeat. Okay.
Oh, oh no. Oh no. It shows the, okay.
So I decided we're going to go ahead and stick with the new test.
Cause that ghost cursor, whoops, is going to freak me out, not freak me out,
but like, it's going to throw me off because I'm going to always try to beat it.
Um, which is great to have. So keep in mind that monkey type does that, but,
uh, it has like,
it makes it pushes me and I don't need something to push me right now. So, okay.
I just made a bunch of typos on that one. We're going to try one more time.
1 58, the da,
and that was with typos and backspacing so personally I typed better on this
when it comes to typing tests and I think it'll help in general.
I just prefer it it's it's much. I dunno, you know,
this isn't a slam on the 60% keyboard. I mean, this is smaller,
but it also has arrow keys. So it's going to,
it's going to be more important for my editing workflow, whatever, all in all,
like, you know, if something works for you, keep using it, right.
If something doesn't work, then try it. But in every hobby profession I've done,
there's always been all. I can't do this because X you know,
because I don't have X, I can't, you know,
draw digitally because I don't have a good whack on tablet. Uh, I can't,
I can't type fast or fast cause this is my keyboards bad.
There are bad keyboards, but this is $30. I can hit almost one 60 on.
It felt possible. You know, in theory I can hit 1 67.
So I will be officially retiring this keyboard.
I'm still gonna hold onto it in case I ever want to do like a rating video,
but just listen, just listen to this ready
Versus this.
It's just, it's just quieter. It's smoother.
It's a flatter surface on the top of the keyboard, whatever. There's no script.
I don't know. Is there anything else I should say?
So the gamma K K 60
officially being retired. So from here on out,
if you see this Logitech boy in my videos, this is why I would genuinely maybe,
you know, if this keys were squared, that would be nice,
but I'll get used to it in like four days on my way back from best buy.
I was like, can I make a video to this still? And I was like, wait a minute.
Yes I can.
Because I've gotten so many comments as to what keyboard do I use on the,
on the last, on my first typing videos, it was like, what keyboard do you use?
That was the MK four 70 Logitech Bluetooth keyboard.
And this is the K three 80, but like, it doesn't matter what keyboard you have.
As long as it's, you know, some modern keyboard, you're going to be fine.
I've said this 20 times, but to wrap this all up, all in all,
if you're wanting to type fast, you know,
I made a video all about this concept and why it's kind of not relevant anymore.
Like you don't need to type fast, at least not above like 80 words a minute,
really more. You don't need a mechanical keyboard. Now,
if you want a mechanical keyboard, by all means like, go for one. If you,
you know, if you want whatever,
but I literally went to best buy today because I really wanted this new
mechanical keyboard.
And I have a very hard time justifying very expensive things like that.
But it's been several months when I went there, I was like, you know what?
I'm so sick of the mechanical keyboard I have right now.
Let me just get one of these crappy ones.
And I almost got the one I had the MK four 70, but then this one was cheaper.
And I was like, Ooh, just roll with that for a little while.
Can I hit 180 words per minute with a $30 keyboard,
could posture feet on the ground.
One 50. Um, I will say up here,
I felt that where the raw was like 180.
I felt that for like those 10 words, I think I can hit 180 with this keyboard.
It will take a minute to get used to it.
And if I hadn't failed 59 seconds of a test beforehand, because of no hand cam,
I think I would have been fine. So yeah, that's the video for 30 bucks.
Great keyboard. It's not really a tech review, but just a point to say, like,
if you, if you want tips on keyboards and how to type fast,
like check out my other videos,
but also just know from someone who makes typing videos,
this is fine. That is all I'm trying to say. This totally works.
And actually I really like it. It's nice and small.
It feels like a 2d S versus a 3d as I don't have a two years,
but it's held one anyway. That's enough rambling. Thank you for watching. Again,
more typing content. Uh,
you can find out if you'd like to learn how to type faster,
but I also make language videos and productivity and lifestyle videos.
So keep an eye out for those. Uh, so without further ado,
have a good one and as always, don't forget to stay awesome.
See you next week.